Ultralow viscosity of carbonate melts at high pressures .
Genetic variability of Candidatus Desulforudis audaxviator in the deep subsurface .
NanoSIMS analysis of organic carbon from the Tissint Martian meteorite: Evidence for the past existence of subsurface organic-bearing fluids on Mars .
Sunxiuqinia faeciviva sp . nov .
Laser Isotope Ratio-Meter From space to terrestrial applications .
Phase relations and melting in the systems of peridotite-H2O-CO2 and eclogite-H2O-CO2 at pressures up to 27 GPa .
Autotrophy as a predominant mode of carbon fixation in anaerobic methane-oxidizing microbial communities .
Fe–Ni–Cu–C–S phase relations at high pressures and temperatures – The role of sulfur in carbon storage and diamond stability at mid- to deep-upper mantle .
Lipid synthesis under hydrothermal conditions by Fischer-Tropsch-type reactions .
Water content of stishovite .
The temperature and compositional dependence of disordering in Fe-bearing dolomites .
Superconductivity in highly disordered dense carbon disulfide .
An improved sample preparation method for imaging microstructures of fine-grained marine sediment using microfocus X-ray computed tomography and scanning electron microscopy .
Chondritic xenon in the Earth’s mantle .
Trace elements in the gas emissions from the Erta Ale volcano .
High-Pressure Biochemistry and Biophysics .
DECADE - Malumalu Seamount .
Fumarolic Gases of Pyroclastic Flows of Bezymianny and Katmai (USA and Russia) .
Density of carbonated peridotite magma at high pressure using an X-ray absorption method .
The nanoSIMS as a tool to study zonation around/in melt inclusions .
Heat Capacities at Low Temperatures and Entropies at 298 .16°K . of Crystalline Calcium and Magnesium Aluminates .
Design principles for high–pressure force fields: Aqueous TMAO solutions from ambient to kilobar pressures .
Geochemical investigation of crude oil samples from West Siberia Megabasin .
Melting and phase transitions of nitrogen under high pressures and temperatures .
Turnover of microbial lipids in the deep biosphere and growth of benthic archaeal populations .
Rainbow Massif .
Microbial Diversity in Groundwater from Bedrock Sites in Sweden and Finland .
Thermal equation of state of solid naphthalene to 13 GPa and 773 K: In situ X-ray diffraction study and first principles calculations .
Methane emissions from Earth’s degassing: Implications for Mars .
High-pressure synthesis of crystalline polyethylene using optical catalysis .
Linking Microbial Populations .
Low Temperature Heat Capacities and Entropies at 298 .16°K . of Magnesium Orthotitanate and Magnesium Dititanate .
Abiogenic methanogenesis during experimental komatiite serpentinization: Implications for the evolution of the early Precambrian atmosphere .
Life under extreme energy limitation: a synthesis of laboratory- and field-based investigations .
DECADE - CO2 Gas Emissions from Masaya Volcano .
Distributions of microbial activities in deep subseafloor sediments .
North Pole Dome .
APS: 2014-03-01 (CU) .
Understanding cratonic flood basalts .
Effect of variable CO 2 on eclogite-derived andesite and lherzolite reaction at 3 GPa-Implications for mantle source characteristics of alkalic ocean island basalts .
Ocean Crust Mineral Metagenomes .
Fumarolic Activity of Bezymianny Volcano (Kamchatka .
Microbial Provinces in the Subseafloor .
Meta-Analysis of Quantification Methods Shows that Archaea and Bacteria Have Similar Abundances in the Subseafloor .
High time resolution fluctuations in volcanic carbon dioxide degassing from Mount Etna .
EVIDENCE FOR METASTABLE EQUILIBRIUM BETWEEN HYDROCARBONS UNDER HYDROTHERMAL CONDITIONS .
Noble gas isotope abundances in terrestrial fluids .
Microbial Diversity in Subseafloor Sediments Hosting Gas Hydrates .
Volatile-rich silicate melts from Oldoinyo Lengai volcano (Tanzania): Implications for carbonatite genesis and eruptive behavior .
Structure and Dynamics of Low-Density and High-Density Liquid Water at High Pressure .
DECADE- Alaska Field Studies .
Proposal to Apply Pyro-Tag 16S rRNA Gene Sequence Analyses to the Deep Microbial Communities in the Witwatersrand Basin .
Costa Rica Margin Subseafloor Microbiology .
A High-Pressure NMR Probe for Aqueous Geochemistry .
Serpentinites .
Volatiles in subduction zone magmatism .
Solubility of Carbonate Minerals and Aqueous CO2 Speciation .
Metagenomic Evidence for H2 Oxidation and H2 Production by Serpentinite-Hosted Subsurface Microbial Communities .
Thermal equation of state and thermodynamic properties of iron carbide Fe 3 C to 31 GPa and 1473 K .
Development of Novel Large-Volume Diamond Anvil Cell (LV-DAC) .
Geochemistry of a continental site of serpentinization .
High Temperature Heat Contents of Some Titanates of Aluminum .
A model of diffuse degassing at three subduction-related volcanoes .
Structure of siderite FeCO3 to 56 GPa and hysteresis of its spin-pairing transition .
Archaeoglobus sulfaticallidus sp . nov . .
Constraining the timing of microbial methane generation in an organic-rich shale using noble gases .
Active Fumaroles of Avachinsky and Koryaksky Volcanoes (Kamchatka) .
Using 3He/4He isotope ratios to identify the source of deep reservoir contributions to shallow fluids and soil gas .
Evaluation of Redoubt Volcano's sulfur dioxide emissions by the Ozone Monitoring Instrument .
Solubility of CH4 in a synthetic basaltic melt .
Microbiology of the deep continental biosphere .
Pore Size Effects on the Sorption of Supercritical CO 2 in Mesoporous CPG-10 Silica .
Single-crystal elasticity of the deep-mantle magnesite at high pressure and temperature .
Pressure-Induced Symmetry-Lowering Transition in Dense Nitrogen to Layered Polymeric Nitrogen (LP-N) with Colossal Raman Intensity .
Shock compression of stishovite and melting of silica at planetary interior conditions .
Experimental Perspectives of Mineral Dissolution and Precipitation due to Carbon Dioxide-Water-Rock Interactions .
Exploring deep microbial life in coal-bearing sediment down to  2 .5 km below the ocean floor .
DECADE - The Carbon Footprint of a Passively Degassing Volcano .
Biophysical and Biochemical Characterization of Novel Piezophilic Cultivars from Deep Subsurface Environments .
Unveiling Carbon Fixation in Three Deep Serpentinization-Driven Hyper-Alkaline Springs .
Eruption of a deep-sea mud volcano triggers rapid sediment movement .
Hydrocarbon Behavior at Nanoscale Interfaces .
DMGC - Linking Diamond Fluids with Mantle Melts Using Trace Elements and Isotopes .
High Pressure Raman and X-ray Diffraction Study of [121] Tetramantane .
Diamonds and Mantle Geodynamics of Carbon (DMGC Organization) .
Correction for Morono et al . .
C-O-H Fluid-Rock Interaction and the Role of Serpentine .
Carbon and sulfur budget of the silicate Earth explained by accretion of differentiated planetary embryos .
Thermodynamic studies of zeolites: analcime and dehydrated analcime .
Geochemistry of basalts from IODP site U1365: Implications for magmatism and mantle source signatures of the mid-Cretaceous Osbourn Trough .
Carbon dioxide emission rate of Kilauea Volcano: Implications for primary magma and the summit reservoir .
Metabolic Reconstruction of Desulforudis audaxviator .
The Microbial Biogeography of the Sulfate-Methane Transition Zone .
Aerobic Microbial Respiration in 86-Million-Year-Old Deep-Sea Red Clay .
Isolation and Characterization of a Psychropiezophilic Alphaproteobacterium .
Production .
Diversity and Abundance of Ammonia-Oxidizing Archaea and Bacteria in Qinghai Lake .
Exploring the metabolic potential of microbial communities in ultra-basic .
Tectonic structure .
Methane in serpentinized ultramafic rocks in mainland Portugal .
DECADE - Tubuai .
High Poisson's ratio of Earth's inner core explained by carbon alloying .
Heat capacities of the alkali feldspars between 350 and 1000K from differential scanning calorimetry .
Redox effects on calcite-portlandite-fluid equilibria at forearc conditions: Carbon mobility .
Microbial diversity in a submarine carbonate edifice from the serpentinizing hydrothermal system of the Prony Bay (New Caledonia) over a 6-year period .
DMGC - Phase Relations of Silicate Inclusions in Superdeep Diamonds and Constraints on Mantle Geodynamics .
Geochemical Monitoring for Potential Environmental Impacts of Geologic Sequestration of CO2 .
Amorphous Diamond: A High-Pressure Superhard Carbon Allotrope .
Low Temperature Heat Capacity .
Molecular Dynamics Studies of Interfacial Water at the Alumina Surface .
Census of Deep Life Phase II-III .
Biological signatures in clumped isotopes of O2 .
Six-fold coordinated carbon dioxide VI .
Mineral stability &amp; melting of carbonated ocean crust .
Thermodynamic Properties of Forsterite and Serpentine .
Volatile (H2O .
Propane simulated in silica pores: Adsorption isotherms .
Anaerobic methanotrophic community of a 5346-m-deep vesicomyid clam colony in the Japan Trench .
Reactive Infiltration of MORB-Eclogite-Derived Carbonated Silicate Melt into Fertile Peridotite at 3 GPa and Genesis of Alkalic Magmas .
Towards field measurements of 3He/4He: a key parameter in volcano monitoring .
Exploring volume .
Study of pocyclic aromatic hydrocarbons at a pressure of 6–9 GPa with X-ray diffraction and synchrotron radiation .
Combined 13C–D and D–D clumping in methane: Methods and preliminary results .
Assessing production of the ubiquitous archaeal diglycosyl tetraether lipids in marine subsurface sediment using intramolecular stable isotope probing .
Carbon isotope composition of organic compounds produced by abiotic synthesis under hydrothermal conditions .
High-precision helium isotope measurements in air .
Heat Capacities at Low Temperatures of Titanium Dioxide (Rutile and Anatase) .
Quartzlike carbon dioxide: An optically nonlinear extended solid at high pressures and temperatures .
Melt mixing causes negative correlation of trace element enrichment and CO2 content prior to an Icelandic eruption .
DECADE - Tau .
Carbon in Fluids .
First crystal-structure determination of olivine in diamond: Composition and implications for provenance in the Earth's mantle .
Re-Os isotopic composition of peridotitic sulphide inclusions in diamonds from Ellendale .
Constraints on the accretion of the gabbroic lower oceanic crust from plagioclase lattice preferred orientation in the Samail ophiolite .
Fluid expulsion in terrestrial sedimentary basins: A process providing potential analogs for giant polygons and mounds in the martian lowlands .
Three-Dimensional Fe Speciation of an Inclusion Cloud within an Ultradeep Diamond by Confocal μ-X-ray Absorption Near Edge Structure: Evidence for Late Stage Overprint .
A large-radius high-mass-resolution multiple-collector isotope ratio mass spectrometer for analysis of rare isotopologues of O2 .
APS: 2013-10-03 (MBL) .
Redox-freezing and nucleation of diamond via magnetite formation in the Earth’s mantle .
Integration of 3 Consecutive Years of Aqueous Geochemistry Monitoring Serpentinization at the Coast Range Ophiolite Microbial Observatory (CROMO) .
Acetogenesis in Deep Subseafloor Sediments of The Juan de Fuca Ridge Flank: A Synthesis of Geochemical .
Transport Properties of Carbon-bearing Silicate Melts and C-H-O Fluids .
Thermodynamic Modeling of Fluid-Rock Interaction at Mid-Crustal to Upper-Mantle Conditions .
“Follow the Water”: Steve Squyres and the Mars Exploration Rovers .
MinKin: A kinetic modeling program for the precipitation .
Melting phase relations of the Udachnaya-East Group-I kimberlite at 3 .0–6 .5GPa: Experimental evidence for alkali-carbonatite composition of primary kimberlite melts and implications for mantle plumes .
High-precision atmospheric helium isotope measurement in volcanic areas .
Influence of the Samoan Plume in the Northwestern Lau Back-arc Basin .
DECADE - Urbinas Volcano .
Investigating Microbial Community Transitions at the Sediment-Basement Interface .
Rapid photochemical equilibration of isotope bond ordering in O 2 .
DECADE - Gorely Volcano .
DECADE - Development of a Field Portable 3He/4He Stable Isotope Detector: A Novel Instrumental Approach for Quantitative Assessment of Magma Compositional Dynamics and Monitoring the Fluxes of Magmatic Volatiles .
Time-averaged SO 2 fluxes of subduction-zone volcanoes: Example of a 32-year exhaustive survey for Japanese volcanoes .
Bonding changes in compressed superhard graphite .
Abiotic formation of hydrocarbons under hydrothermal conditions: Constraints from chemical and isotope data .
Constraints on magma processes .
CO2 and Hydrocarbon Reactions with Rocks .
Eruption Dynamics and Carbon Footprint of Hawaiian Hotspot Volcanoes - Hualalai Volcano .
DECADE - Savaii .
Abiotic Methane - Europe .
Synthesis of Ultra-incompressible sp3-Hybridized Carbon Nitride with 1:1 Stoichiometry .
Novel Psychropiezophilic Oceanospirillales Species Profundimonas piezophila gen . nov . .
Sudden deep gas eruption nearby Rome's airport of Fiumicino .
Heat Capacities at Low Temperatures and Entropies at 298 .16°K . of Titanomagnetite and Ferric Titanate .
Monitoring of gas and seismic energy release by multiparametric benthic observatory along the North Anatolian Fault in the Sea of Marmara (NW Turkey) .
Isotope and chemical composition of gases from mud volcanoes in the Taman Peninsula and problem of their genesis .
The Carbon Footprint of a Passively-Degassing Volcano: Lassen Peak .
Helium and carbon isotope systematics of cold “mazuku” CO2 vents and hydrothermal gases and fluids from Rungwe Volcanic Province .
Carbon substitution for oxygen in silicates in planetary interiors .
Open-path FTIR spectroscopy of magma degassing processes during eight lava fountains on Mount Etna .
Heat capacities of the alkali feldspars between 350 and 1000K from differential scanning calorimetry .
Enhanced Olivine Carbonation within a Basalt as Compared to Single-Phase Experiments: Reevaluating the Potential of CO 2 Mineral Sequestration .
DECADE - Upolu .
Estimation of microbial metabolism and co-occurrence patterns in fracture groundwaters of deep crystalline bedrock at Olkiluoto .
Upside-down differentiation and generation of a 'primordial' lower mantle .
Primordial Origins of Earth's Carbon .
Methanogenic and Sulphate-Reducing Microbial Communities in Deep Groundwater of Crystalline Rock Fractures in Olkiluoto .
Migration of carrier and trace gases in the geosphere: an overview .
Molecular mechanisms of transcriptional control by Rev-erbα: An energetic foundation for reconciling structure and binding with biological function .
Comparative Genomics of Novel Alkaliphilus Species Isolated from Carbonate Chimneys at a Shallow Marine Serpentinized Site .
DECADE - MaGa: A Database for Volcanic/Non-volcanic CO2 Emissions in the Mediterranean Area .
A molecular perspective on the limits of life: Enzymes under pressure .
High-Temperature Heat Contents of Na2TiO3 .
Structures of dolomite at ultrahigh pressure and their influence on the deep carbon cycle .
Stable and Noble Gas Isotopes in Putative Natural Gas Fields .
Quasi-Continuous CO2 Flux Measurement from Soil .
Gold-ISH: A nano-size gold particle-based phylogenetic identification compatible with NanoSIMS .
High-pressure transition of CaCO(3) .
High-pressure polymorphism and structural transitions of norsethite .
Thermodynamic studies of zeolites: natrolite .
Establishment of the Coast Range ophiolite microbial observatory (CROMO): drilling objectives and preliminary outcomes .
Metagenomic Profiling of Microbial Dynamics in Methane Shale after Hydraulic Fracturing .
The heat capacities of osumilite from 298 .15 to 1000K .
Carbon Footprint of Hawaiian Hotspot Volcanoes - Kilauea .
Summary of gas and sublimates analyses from Klyuchevskoy group volcanoes in 1939 .
High Temperature Heat Contents of Magnesium Orthosilicate and Ferrous Orthosilicate .
Nonequilibrium clumped isotope signals in microbial methane .
Advanced instrument system for real-time and time-series microbial geochemical sampling of the deep (basaltic) crustal biosphere .
Two-step rise of atmospheric oxygen linked to the growth of continents .
Endospore abundance and d:l-amino acid modeling of bacterial turnover in holocene marine sediment (Aarhus Bay) .
Microbially induced corrosion of carbon steel in deep groundwater environment .
DECADE - Carbon Footprint of a Passively Degassing Volcano .
Chemical heterogeneity in the Hawaiian mantle plume from the alteration and dehydration of recycled oceanic crus .
Niche Separation of Methanotrophic Archaea (ANME-1 and -2) in Methane-Seep Sediments of the Eastern Japan Sea Offshore Joetsu .
Dielectric properties of water under extreme conditions and transport of carbonates in the deep Earth .
Pelolinea submarina gen . nov . .
Low temperature production and exhalation of methane from serpentinized rocks on Earth: A potential analog for methane production on Mars .
Deep fracture fluids isolated in the crust since the Precambrian era .
Short‐Chain Hydrocarbon Oxidation by Archaea .
Analysis of GOSAT XCO2 in explosive volcanic plumes .
Heat Capacities at Low Temperatures of the Metatitanates of Iron .
Deep Hydrosphere and H2- The Canadian Shield .
Turrialba DECADE .
Fluid chemistry of the low temperature hyperalkaline hydrothermal system of Prony Bay (New Caledonia) .
Deep Mantle Cycling of Oceanic Crust: Evidence from Diamonds and Their Mineral Inclusions .
The Heat Capacities of Magnesium .
APS: 2011-03-01 (CIW) .
DECADE - Soil CO2 Released at Terceira Volcanic Island (TERCO2) .
Archaea and bacteria with surprising microdiversity show shifts in dominance over 1 .
Sulfidic Deep Terrestrial Subsurface-FS .
The Ubiquitous Hidden Biosphere .
Detection of DNA Sequences Refractory to PCR Amplification Using a Biophysical SERRS Assay (Surface Enhanced Resonant Raman Spectroscopy) .
Methane in Land-Based Low T Serpentinization Sites .
The Specific Heats at Low Temperatures of Crystalline Ortho- .
Global Seafloor Carbonate and Organic Carbon .
Remote Sensing of Volcanic CO2 Emissions from Space: A First Case Study from the 2008 Kasatochi Eruption .
Development of Combined Instrument for Molecular Imaging in Geochemistry (CIMIG) .
Calorimetric investigation of the excess entropy of mixing in analbite-sanidine solid solutions: lack of evidence for Na .
DECADE - Volcanic Plume Measurements at Mount Etna .
Carbon dioxide interactions with reservoir and cap rocks: A study combining sorption and neutron scattering with MD simulations .
Water in Earth's mantle .
Aleutian Arc .
Heat Capacities at Low Temperatures and Entropies at 298 .16 °K . of Titanomagnetite and Ferric Titanate .
Molecular quantification of environmental DNA using microfluidics and digital PCR .
High-pressure structural properties of naphthalene up to 6 GPa .
Development of Quantum Cascade Laser-Infrared Absorption Spectrometer for Clumped Methane Isotope Thermometry .
The pH of Enceladus’ ocean .
Probing Methane Hydrate Nucleation through the Forward Flux Sampling Method .
Microbial Diversity in the Deep Hot Biosphere .
CO2 emissions from arc volcanism: sources .
DMGC - The Nature of Diamond Forming Liquids in the Mantle and Direct Estimates of Deep Mantle Stresses from Diamond Plasticity .
HEAT CAPACITY FROM 12 TO 305°K . AND ENTROPY OF TALC AND TREMOLITE .
Low-temperature heat capacities of CaAl2SiO6 glass and pyroxene and thermal expansion of CaAl2SiO6 pyroxene .
Fossil DNA persistence and decay in marine sediment over hundred-thousand-year to million-year time scales .
Origins of lithium in submarine mud volcano fluid in the Nankai accretionary wedge .
Low-temperature heat capacities and entropies at 298 .15⁰ K of somesodium- and calcium-aluminum silicates .
Deep subsurface evaporite deposit .
Siderophile element partitioning between cohenite and liquid in the Fe–Ni–S–C system and implications for geochemistry of planetary cores and mantles .
Abiotic formation of hydrocarbons and oxygenated compounds during thermal decomposition of iron oxalate .
Geologic carbon sources may confound ecosystem carbon balance estimates: Evidence from a semiarid steppe in the southeast of Spain .
THE BINDING AND REACTIONS OF NUCLEOTIDES AND POLYNUCLEOTIDES ON IRON-OXIDE HYDROXIDE POLYMORPHS .
Canonical Correlation Methods for Exploring Microbe-Environment Interactions in Deep Subsurfaces .
Quantitative PCR Analysis of Functional Genes in Iron-Rich Microbial Mats at an Active Hydrothermal Vent System (Lō'ihi Seamount .
Partially collapsed cristobalite structure in the non molecular phase V in CO2 .
Exploring the Stability Limits of Actin and Its Suprastructures .
In Situ Investigation of Geobacillus Stearothermophilus Spore Germination and Inactivation Mechanisms under Moderate High Pressure .
Eruption Dynamics and Carbon Footprint of Hawaiian Hotspot Volcanoes - Loihi Seamount .
Characterization and interpretation of volcanic activity at Karymsky Volcano .
A mantle-driven surge in magma supply to Kilauea Volcano during 2003-2007 .
Combined pressure and cosolvent effects on enzyme activity – a high-pressure stopped-flow kinetic study on α-chymotrypsin .
Thermodynamic Properties of Hedenbergite .
Coexisting serpentine and quartz from carbonate-bearing serpentinized peridotite in the Samail Ophiolite .
The archaeal lipidome in estuarine sediment dominated by members of the Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotal Group .
An atomic force microscopy study of diamond dissolution features: The effect of H2O and CO2 in the fluid on diamond morphology .
Thermal equation of state and spin transition of magnesiosiderite at high pressure and temperature .
High-Temperature Heat Contents of the Metatitanates of Calcium .
International Diamond School: The Nature of Diamonds and Their Use in Earth's Study .
Carbon precipitation from heavy hydrocarbon fluid in deep planetary interiors .
Cyclic 100-ka (glacial-interglacial) migration of subseafloor redox zonation on the Peruvian shelf .
Gases and temperatures of fumaroles of Tuyla (Klyuchevskoy .
DCO-DS Boundary Activity: Themodynamic Data Legacy Rescue .
Formation of H-2 and CH4 by weathering of olivine at temperatures between 30 and 70 degrees C .
Sphalerite is a geochemical catalyst for carbon-hydrogen bond activation .
Vibrational and elastic properties of ferromagnesite across the electronic spin-pairing transition of iron .
APS: 2011-10-01 (UCD) .
Carbonate Melts and Carbonatites .
High Temperature Heat Contents of Calcium and Magnesium Ferrites .
Summary of gas analyses and elemental spectral analyses of sublimates from Biloikai crater .
Mobile hydrocarbon microspheres from &gt;2-billion-year-old carbon-bearing seams in the South African deep subsurface .
Potentially biogenic carbon preserved in a 4 .1 billion-year-old zircon .
Komatiites reveal a hydrous Archaean deep-mantle reservoir .
Metapyroxenite in the mantle transition zone revealed from majorite inclusions in diamonds .
Volcanic gases at various stages of active volcanism (Shiveluch and Klyuchevskoy Volcanoes .
Pressure as an environmental parameter for microbial life - A review .
Liquid water can slip on a hydrophilic surface .
Methane flux from miniseepage in mud volcanoes of SW Taiwan: Comparison with the data from Italy .
A Cold-Tolerant .
Inverted High-Temperature Quartz .
Equilibrium thermodynamics of multiply substituted isotopologues of molecular gases .
High P-T Device for Experimental Studies on Hydrocarbons .
The origins and concentrations of water .
Variations in mid-ocean ridge CO2 emissions driven by glacial cycles .
The Deep Drilling Project in Songliao Basin .
First DCO Data Science Day .
DECADE - Project CO2-S-Pot Proposal .
Mid-Cayman Rise Hydrothermal Vents .
Distribution of dehalogenation activity in subseafloor sediments of the Nankai Trough subduction zone .
DECADE - Ofu .
Evidence for Microbial Carbon and Sulfur Cycling in Deeply Buried Ridge Flank Basalt .
Novel Large-Volume Diamond Anvil Cell (LV-DAC) .
Molybdenite mineral evolution: A study of trace elements through time .
Metagenomics in oxic/anoxic transition zones of oligotrophic sediments from the North Atlantic Gyre (North Pond .
Effect of water in depleted mantle on post-spinel transition and implication for 660km seismic discontinuity .
A geochemical model of non-ideal solutions in the methane–ethane–propane–nitrogen–acetylene system on Titan .
Carbon enters silica forming a cristobalite-type CO2–SiO2 solid solution .
Argon isotopic composition of Archaean atmosphere probes early Earth geodynamics .
In-situ high-pressure transmission electron microscopy for Earth and materials sciences .
Volatile Flux Research in the Afar Region .
Eruptive Products of Klyuchevskoy (and Kamchatka Region) Volcano(es) from 1937-1938 .
Proposal to Apply for 454-Based Tag Sequencing: Exploring Microbial Diversity in the Deep .
Downsizing the Deep Biosphere .
Identification of unusual butanetriol dialkyl glycerol tetraether and pentanetriol dialkyl glycerol tetraether lipids in marine sediments .
Microbially Induced Sedimentary Structures Recording an Ancient Ecosystem in the ca . 3 .48 Billion-Year-Old Dresser Formation .
Anharmonicity of graphite from UV Raman spectroscopy to 2700K .
Extreme methane deuterium .
Fast back-reactions of shock-released CO(2) from carbonates: An experimental approach .
Structure .
Does aspartic acid racemization constrain the depth limit of the subsurface biosphere? .
DECADE - Direct Gas Samples Database Support .
Mineral ecophysiological data provide growing evidence for microbial activity in banded-iron formations .
Role of microbial Fe(III) reduction and solution chemistry in aggregation and settling of suspended particles in the Mississippi River delta plain .
Biological formation of ethane and propane in the deep marine subsurface .
Hydrothermal Photochemistry as a Mechanistic Tool in Organic Geochemistry: The Chemistry of Dibenzyl Ketone .
Abiogenic hydrocarbon production at Lost City hydrothermal field .
The central role of ketones in reversible and irreversible hydrothermal organic functional group transformations .
DECADE - Volcanic Carbon Atmospheric Flux Experiment .
Nitrogen speciation in upper mantle fluids and the origin of Earth's nitrogen-rich atmosphere .
Optical properties of siderite (FeCO3) across the spin transition: Crossover to iron-rich carbonates in the lower mantle .
Boron .
The Romashkino Oil Field .
Evidence for multiple diamondite-forming events in the mantle .
Laboratory investigation of high pressure survival in Shewanella oneidensis MR-1 into the gigapascal pressure range .
Disko Island as a Test-bed for Carbon Pathways .
The Influence of Water on Mantle Melting and Crystallization in Back-arc Basin Systems .
High Temperature Heat Contents of Calcium Orthosilicate .
Few-layer graphene under high pressure: Raman and X-ray diffraction studies .
Abiotic Methane in the Hyperalkaline Springs of Genova .
Development of Volcanic Carbon Atmospheric Flux Experiment (V-CAFÉ) .
Single-Cell Genomics of Deep Fracture Microbial Communities .
Noble gas and carbon isotopic evidence for CO2-driven silicate dissolution in a recent natural CO2 field .
Petrogenetic significance of minor elements in olivines from diamonds and peridotite xenoliths from kimberlites of Yakutia .
Short-period volcanic gas precursors to phreatic eruptions: Insights from Poás Volcano .
Pathways for abiotic organic synthesis at submarine hydrothermal fields .
Volcanic gas monitoring data from Avachinsky volcano (Russia) in 1970 .
Physical and chemical transformations of highly compressed carbon dioxide at bond energies .
Exploring the structure and phase behavior of plasma membrane vesicles under extreme environmental conditions .
Hydrocarbon .
Advanced Synchrotron X-ray Spectrometer for Deep Carbon .
Metasomatism and graphite formation at a lithological interface in Malaspina (Alpine Corsica .
Single cell genomics indicates horizontal gene transfer and viral infections in a deep subsurface Firmicutes population .
Fe(2+) sorption onto nontronite (NAu-2) .
Phase changes of solid methane under high pressure up to 86 GPa at room temperature .
Sulfur geochemistry of peridotite-hosted hydrothermal systems: Comparing the Ligurian ophiolites with oceanic serpentinites .
The fate of carbon dioxide in water-rich fluids under extreme conditions .
Mantle Melting as a Function of Water Content beneath the Mariana Arc .
Geomicrobiology in oceanography: microbe-mineral interactions at and below the seafloor .
High-pressure phases of CaCO3: Crystal structure prediction and experiment .
Phase diagram of carbon dioxide: update and challenges .
Phase relations in the system FeCO3-CaCO3 at 6 GPa and 900-1700  C and its relation to the system CaCO3-FeCO3-MgCO3 .
Evaluation of Molecular Techniques in Characterization of Deep Terrestrial Biosphere .
Acid Gases in CO2-rich Subsurface Geologic Environments .
Oligomerization and carbonization of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons at high pressure and temperature .
Are volcanic CO2 emission fluxes under-estimated? The groundwater CO2 component at Lassen Volcano .
Graphite formation by carbonate reduction during subduction .
DMGC - Diamonds at the Nanoscale - The Initial Growth Stage .
Can satellite-based monitoring techniques be used to quantify volcanic CO2 emissions? .
Microbial Communities in Deep Sedimentary Rocks .
Stability of hydrous phase H MgSiO 4 H 2 under lower mantle conditions .
Laboratory Simulations of Abiotic Hydrocarbon Formation in Earth's Deep Subsurface .
The significance of Mg in prebiotic geochemistry .
Oxygen isotopic evidence for vigorous mixing during the Moon-forming giant impact .
Molecular Structure and Dynamics in Thin Water Films at Metal Oxide Surfaces: Magnesium .
Subsurface Microbial Contribution to Dark CO2 Fixation in Geological Storage Sites .
Application of a new composite cubic-boron nitride gasket assembly for high pressure inelastic x-ray scattering studies of carbon related materials .
Single-crystal diffraction at megabar conditions by synchrotron radiation .
High-Ca boninites from the active Tonga Arc .
The heat capacities of osumilite from 298 .15 to 1000K .
A Modified Calorimeter for High Temperatures . The Heat Content of Silica .
Synthesis of complex hydrocarbon systems at temperatures and pressures corresponding to the Earth’s upper mantle conditions .
Optimizing a flow-through X-ray transmission cell for studies of temporal and spatial variations of ion distributions at mineral–water interfaces .
Effect of dilution on the spin pairing transition in rhombohedral carbonates .
Volcanelium – Quantification of Regional Magma Degassing by High-Precision Isotope Analysis of Atmospheric Helium in Air Above Volcanic Areas .
The deep carbon cycle and melting in Earth's interior .
Reappraisal of the fossil methane budget and related emission from geologic sources .
Temporal changes in the growth of two Mediterranean cold-water corals species in situ and in aquaria .
Development of Modified Gas Chromatograph for Experimental Studies on Hydrocarbons .
A closer look at supercritical water .
Carbon-dioxide-rich silicate melt in the Earth’s upper mantle .
Identification and significance of unsaturated archaeal tetraether lipids in marine sediments .
Combined Instrument for Molecular Imaging in Geochemistry (CIMIG) .
Behavior of aqueous CO2 environments under extreme silica confinement: Modeling challenges .
Erratum to: “Stability conditions of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons at high pressures and temperatures” .
DCO Computer Cluster .
Isotopic and mass balance constraints on the origin(s) of carbon dioxide emissions from Merapi volcano .
Asteroidal impacts and the origin of terrestrial and lunar volatiles .
Iceland Subglacial Lakes .
Generation of methane in the Earth's mantle: In situ high pressure-temperature measurements of carbonate reduction .
Reentrant Liquid-Liquid Phase Separation in Protein Solutions at Elevated Hydrostatic Pressures .
The effects of sulfur .
Total volatile flux from Mount Etna .
C and N Isotope Investigations of Ultra-deep Diamonds and Deep C-N Recycling .
Specific Heats at Low Temperatures of Magnesium Orthosilicate and Magnesium Metasilicate .
The Chemical Thermodynamic Properties of Calcium Hydroxide .
FROM THE SERIES EDITOR .
Microbial Census of the Organic-Rich Deep-Sea Sediments of the Highly Productive Bering Sea .
Global dispersion and local diversification of the methane seep microbiome .
Combined Effects of Temperature .
DARCLIFE / DARCSEAS I .
Bacillus rigiliprofundi sp . nov . .
Origin and flux of a gas seep in the Northern Alps (Giswil .
Biogeography and ecology of the rare and abundant microbial lineages in deep-sea hydrothermal vents .
Stellar MgSiO3 perovskite: A shock-transformed stardust silicate found in a meteorite .
Intact preservation of environmental samples by freezing under an alternating magnetic field .
First Multi-GAS based characterization of the Boiling Lake volcanic gas (Dominica .
Revised values for the Gibbs free energy of formation of [AI(OH)^{-1}_{4 aq}] .
DECADE - Nevado del Ruiz .
High pressure nano-tomography using an iterative method .
Taxonomically and functionally diverse microbial communities in deep crystalline rocks of the Fennoscandian shield .
Contrasting behaviours of CO2 .
High density amorphous ice at room temperature .
Prebiotic Cell Membranes that Survive Extreme Environmental Pressure Conditions .
Long-term preservation of slab signatures in the mantle inferred from hydrogen isotopes .
The Specific Heats at Low Temperatures of Crystalline Ortho- .
Experimental investigation of silicate-carbonate system at high pressure and high temperature .
Microbial Census of Deep-Sea Sediments .
Differences in gas venting from ultramafic-hosted warm springs: the example of Oman and Voltri Ophiolites .
Deep Carbon Emissions from Volcanoes .
DECADE - Combined MultiGas .
Re–Os dating of sulphide inclusions zonally distributed in single Yakutian diamonds: Evidence for multiple episodes of Proterozoic formation and protracted timescales of diamond growth .
Toward an accurate ab initio estimation of compressibility and thermal expansion of diamond in the [0 .
Families of Superhard Crystalline Carbon Allotropes Constructed via Cold Compression of Graphite and Nanotubes .
Theoretical investigation of methane under pressure .
The system K2CO3-MgCO3 at 6 GPa and 900-1450  C .
Na-Ca carbonates synthesized under upper-mantle conditions: Raman spectroscopic and X-ray diffraction studies .
HEAT CAPACITY FROM 11 TO 300°K . .
DECADE - Terceira Island .
Impact of CO2 concentration on autotrophic metabolisms and carbon fate in saline aquifers – A case study .
Kinetic Insights into the Elongation Reaction of Actin Filaments as a Function of Temperature .
Gas analyses from Shiveluch volcano fumaroles 1966-1967 (Russia) .
DMGC - The Origin of Ferropericlase included in Diamonds: Shallow or Deep Mantle Origin? .
Linking microbial heterotrophic activity and sediment lithology in oxic .
Experimental Heat Contents of SrO .
DMGC - Water and Carbon Pathways in the Deep Mantle from Diamond Petrogenesis .
High Temperature Heat Contents of Calcium and Magnesium Ferrites .
Seafloor oxygen consumption fuelled by methane from cold seeps .
CO2 fluxes from mid-ocean ridges .
Miller experiments in atomistic computer simulations .
Hydrogen isotope exchange between n-alkanes and water under hydrothermal conditions .
Novel Cultivation-Based Approach To Understanding the Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group (MCG) Archaea from Sedimentary Ecosystems .
Discovery of ultrahigh-temperature metamorphism in the Acadian orogen .
Workshop to develop deep-life continental scientific drilling projects .
Genomes of Single-Cell Organisms .
Insights into environmental controls on microbial communities in a continental serpentinite aquifer using a microcosm-based approach .
Development of SO2 Camera Monitoring System .
Turmoil at Turrialba Volcano (Costa Rica): Degassing and eruptive processes inferred from high-frequency gas monitoring .
On Geology and Petrography of Mutnovsky Volcano (Russia) .
Early Archaean tectonics and mantle redox recorded in Witwatersrand diamonds .
Remote sensing of volcanic CO2 from space: current challenges and perspectives .
Modified Gas Chromatograph for Experimental Studies on Hydrocarbons .
The Heat Capacities of Quartz .
Low Temperature Heat Capacities and Entropies at 298 .16 °K . of Ferrous Oxide .
Carbon and Hydrogen Isotopic Composition of Methane and C 2  Alkanes in Electrical Spark Discharge: Implications for Identifying Sources of Hydrocarbons in Terrestrial and Extraterrestrial Settings .
Development of High P-T Device for Experimental Studies on Hydrocarbons .
Water follows carbon: CO2 incites deep silicate melting and dehydration beneath mid-ocean ridges .
Liquid Ethanol Simulated on Crystalline Alpha Alumina .
Advanced Instrumentation for Chemical Detection .
Thermal Properties of Alcaline-Earth-Oxides I . Specific heat measurements .
Abiogenic formation of alkanes in the Earth's crust as a minor source for global hydrocarbon reservoirs .
Connecting the Water Phase Diagram to the Metastable Domain: High-Pressure Studies in the Supercooled Regime .
Nanoprobes for Deep Carbon .
Natural Gas Seepage - The Earth’s Hydrocarbon Degassing .
Environmental impacts of the geologic sequestration of CO2: Potential impacts from mobilized organic species .
First Investigation of the Microbiology of the Deepest Layer of Ocean Crust .
He-CO2 systematics of groundwaters at Mt . Lassen volcano .
Deviatoric stress-induced phase transitions in diamantane .
Paleomineralogy of the Hadean Eon: A preliminary species list .
Experimental calibration of a garnet–clinopyroxene geobarometer for mantle eclogites .
Fractionation of the methane isotopologues 13CH4 .
DECADE - Carbon Dioxide Flux at Poás Volcano .
Microbial lipids reveal carbon assimilation patterns on hydrothermal sulfide chimneys .
Active Crater of Mutnovsky Volcano (1960-1964 .
In situ Raman study of dissolved calcite at high pressure and high temperature .
Nitrogen isotope variations in the Solar System .
APS: 2013-10-02 (UCLA) .
High-Temperature Heat Contents of TiO .
Experimental Study of Carbonated Mid Ocean Ridge Basalt at 3 .5-21 GPa: Implications for the Earth's Deep Carbon Cycle .
Start of the Wilson Cycle at 3 Ga Shown by Diamonds from Subcontinental Mantle .
Molecular characterization of dissolved organic matter in pore water of continental shelf sediments .
Characterization of bacterial diversity to a depth of 1500 m in the Outokumpu deep borehole .
Characterisation of dissolved organic compounds in hydrothermal fluids by stir bar sorptive extraction - gas chomatography - mass spectrometry . Case study: the Rainbow field (36 degrees N .
Rock-forming moissanite (natural alpha-silicon carbide) .
Enthalpy and Heat-Capacity Standard Reference Material: Synthetic Sapphire (α-Al2O3) from 10 to 2250 K .
Nitrogen Isotopic Composition and Density of the Archean Atmosphere .
Spatial Variations in Microbial Community Composition in Surface Seawater from the Ultra-Oligotrophic Center to Rim of the South Pacific Gyre .
Geogas transport in fractured hard rock – Correlations with mining seismicity at 3 .54km depth .
A new DNA extraction method by controlled alkaline treatments from consolidated subsurface sediments .
Multi-scale characterization of pore evolution in a combustion metamorphic complex .
The Chemistry of Carbon in Aqueous Fluids at Crustal and Upper-Mantle Conditions: Experimental and Theoretical Constraints .
Low-temperature Heat Capacities and Entropies at 298 .16 °K . of Crystalline Calcium Orthosilicate .
A carbon isotope challenge to the snowball Earth .
Phase behavior of lysozyme solutions in the liquid–liquid phase coexistence region at high hydrostatic pressures .
Carbon solubility in mantle minerals .
Thermodynamic properties of manganese .
Capture of Planktonic Microbial Diversity in Fractures by Long-Term Monitoring of Flowing Boreholes .
Bacterial dominance in subseafloor sediments characterized by methane hydrates .
Solubility of Carbonate Minerals and CO2 Speciation in Subduction Zone Fluids .
High-pressure synthesis of a polyethylene/zeolite nano-composite material .
Thermodynamic data for Mg(OH)2 (Brucite) .
Evaluation of Sample Collection and DNA Extraction Procedures for Characterizing Bacterial Diversity in Ultrabasic Groundwaters ‐ CoDL Option 1 .
South Africa Database .
Microbial Communities of Deep-Sea Methane Seeps at Hikurangi Continental Margin (New Zealand) .
LUCI: A facility at DUSEL for large-scale experimental study of geologic carbon sequestration .
High Temperature Heat Contents of Some Titanates of Aluminum .
Metasomatic diamond growth: A multi-isotope study (C-13 .
Development of Ultrafast Laser Instrument for in situ Measurements of Thermodynamic Properties of Carbon-bearing Fluids and Crystalline Materials .
Clumped-isotope geochemistry - The study of naturally-occurring .
ABIOTIC METHANE ON EARTH .
Microbial Life in an Underground Ancient Ocean: Metagenomics of the Soudan Iron Mine .
Deciphering the impact of diagenesis overprint on negative δ13C excursions using rock magnetism: Case study of Ediacaran carbonates .
The Deep .
Aqueous NaCl and CsCl Solutions Confined in Crystalline Slit-Shaped Silica Nanopores of Varying Degree of Protonation .
Carbon in Silicate Melts .
Heterogeneous Accretion and the Moderately Volatile Element Budget of Earth .
A deep gold mine metagenome as a source of novel esterases .
High-Temperature Heat Contents of TiO .
Zonation of H2O and F Concentrations around melt inclusions in olivines .
Macroscopic Biofilms in Fracture-Dominated Sediment That Anaerobically Oxidize Methane .
Spectroscopic and X-ray diffraction investigation of the behavior of hanksite and tychite at high pressures .
Evidence of interspersed co-existing CaCO&lt;SUB&gt;3&lt;/SUB&gt;-III and CaCO&lt;SUB&gt;3&lt;/SUB&gt;-IIIb structures in polycrystalline CaCO&lt;SUB&gt;3&lt;/SUB&gt; at high pressure .
Ligurian Ophiolites and Ophicalcites .
Mantle heterogeneities as revealed by along-axis variations in MORB volatile concentrations .
Structure .
Thermodynamic Data on the Amphibole Asbestos Minerals Amosite and Crocidolite .
Towards constraining H2 concentration in subseafloor sediment: A proposal for combined analysis by two distinct approaches .
Trends and future challenges in sampling the deep terrestrial biosphere .
GEOCHEMICAL CONSTRAINTS ON THE ORIGIN OF ORGANIC-COMPOUNDS IN HYDROTHERMAL SYSTEMS .
DECADE - CO2 Soil Degassing at Piton de la Fournaise .
Diamond .
First volatile inventory for Gorely volcano .
Microbial Ecology of IODP Site U1387 - Population Response to Dynamic Depositional Environments .
DECADE - Tahaa .
Noble gases .
Termination and hydration of forsteritic olivine (010) surface .
pH buffering of subduction-zone fluids: implications for Earth’s deep carbon cycle . Ninth International Workshop on Water Dynamics .
Hidden carbon in Earth’s inner core revealed by shear softening in dense Fe 7 C 3 .
Geogenic emission of methane and carbon dioxide at Beciu mud volcano .
A potential link between magmatic volatiles and mantle source lithology in the Hawaiian Plume: a view from olivine-hosted melt inclusions and osmium isotopes .
Low Temperature Heat Capacity .
Microbial Diversity and Carbon Cycling in Deep Subsurface Basalts Targeted for Geologic Carbon Sequestration .
Fracking: What Can Physical Chemistry Offer? .
Sulphur geodynamic cycle .
Insights into the phylogeny and coding potential of microbial dark matter .
Distributions and assemblages of microbial communities along a sediment core retrieved from a potential hydrate-bearing region offshore southwestern Taiwan .
Exploration of Fungal Activities in the Deep Subseafloor .
Calorimetric investigation of the excess entropy of mixing in analbite-sanidine solid solutions: lack of evidence for Na .
New insights into Archean sulfur cycle from mass-independent sulfur isotope records from the Hamersley Basin .
Microbial Diversity in Deep Subsurface Basalts .
Gas seepage from Tokamachi mud volcanoes .
Active Microbial Communities Inhabit Sulphate-Methane Interphase in Deep Bedrock Fracture Fluids in Olkiluoto .
A Modified Calorimeter for High Temperatures . The Heat Content of Silica .
Chemical heterogeneity in the Hawaiian mantle plume from the alteration and dehydration of recycled oceanic crust .
Carbon Footprint of Hawaiian Hotspot Volcanoes - Mauna Kea volcano .
Sedimentary membrane lipids recycled by deep-sea benthic archaea .
Minimum Information about a MARKer gene Sequence .
Loihi Seamount Subsurface and Seafloor Connections .
DECADE - Integrated Gas Sensor Stations for Volcanoes and Geothermal Areas .
Acidity measurements at elevated temperatures . VII . Dissociation of water .
Physicochemical conditions for melting in the Earth’s mantle containing a C–O–H fluid (from experimental data) .
CO2 geological storage in olivine rich basaltic aquifers: New insights from reactive-percolation experiments .
Origins of life and biochemistry under high-pressure conditions .
An improved cell separation technique for marine subsurface sediments: applications for high-throughput analysis using flow cytometry and cell sorting .
In situ Raman study and thermodynamic model of aqueous carbonate speciation in equilibrium with aragonite under subduction zone conditions .
Diamond Formation: A Stable Isotope Perspective .
Volatiles in melt inclusions and osmium isotopes from Hawaiian lavas: investigating the relationship between CO2 and H2O contents with mantle source lithology .
Low Temperature Heat Capacities and Entropies at 298 .15 °K . of Some Crystalline Silicates Containing Calcium .
Assessing sub-seafloor microbial activity by combined stable isotope probing with deuterated water and 13C-bicarbonate .
First principles computation of equations of state and relative stability of Iron carbides at pressures of the Earth’s core .
Remote sensing of volcanic carbon dioxide emissions from space .
Microbiology of the Costa Rica Margin Subsurface .
A comparative study of microbial diversity and community structure in marine sediments using poly(A) tailing and reverse transcription-PCR .
A Window to the Deep Biosphere: Investigating Succession and Functional Shifts in Marine Deep Subsurface Microbial Communities Exposed to the Seafloor by Mud Volcanism .
Extreme Conditions Instrumentation for Deep Carbon Science and New Generation .
Organic matter removal for the analysis of carbon and oxygen isotope compositions of siderite .
Serpentinization and carbon sequestration: A study of two ancient peridotite-hosted hydrothermal systems .
Marcellus Shale Gas Wells .
Eruption Dynamics and Carbon Footprint of Hawaiian Hotspot Volcanoes - Koolau Volcano .
Subduction-related halogens (Cl .
Eruption style at Kīlauea Volcano in Hawai‘i linked to primary melt composition .
X-ray diffraction studies and equation of state of methane at 202 GPa .
Diversity of fluid geochemistry affected by processes during fluid upwelling in active hydrothermal fields in the Izena Hole .
Vibrational .
High Temperature Heat Contents of Calcium Orthosilicate .
First measurement of magma degassing and co-varying seismic tremor during an eruption of Piton de la Fournaise hot spot basaltic volcano .
Metagenomics of the Soudan Iron Mine .
Carbonate pseudotachylytes: evidence for seismic faulting along carbonate faults .
Crowding Effects on the Temperature and Pressure Dependent Structure .
DECADE - Improving Constraints on Volcanic CO2 Emissions from the Vanuatu Arc .
Drilling for microbes .
A Cenozoic record of the equatorial Pacific carbonate compensation depth .
Sulfur isotopes of organic matter preserved in 3 .45-billion-year-old stromatolites reveal microbial metabolism .
Panorama High-Resolution Mass Spectrometer .
Natural emissions of methane from geological seepage in Europe .
Stability of a hydrous δ-phase .
Underground Organic-Rich Fluids on Mars: Biotic vs Abiotic Processes .
Nature and Extent of the Deep Biosphere .
Microbial characterization of basalt formation waters targeted for geological carbon sequestration .
Pressure and Laser-Induced Reactivity in Crystalline s-Triazine .
S – Goldschmidt Abstracts 2013 .
Record of archaeal activity at the serpentinite-hosted Lost City Hydrothermal Field .
Low-Temperature Heat Capacities and High-Temperature Heat Contents of Al2O3·3H2O and Al2O3·H2O .
SO2 Camera Monitoring System .
Timmins Gas Samples .
Water in the deep Earth: The dielectric constant and the solubilities of quartz and corundum to 60kb and 1200°C .
Geofilum rubicundum gen . nov . .
Carbon Kinetic Isotope Effects Reveal Variations in Reactivity of Intermediates in the Formation of Protonated Carbonic Acid .
APS: 2013-06-01 (OSU) .
Heterologous expression and characterization of the ene-reductases from Deinococcus radiodurans and Ralstonia metallidurans .
Ingassing .
An eclogitic diamond from Mir pipe (Yakutia) .
Microbial diversity in ultra-high-pressure rocks and fluids from the Chinese Continental Scientific Drilling Project in China .
Aluminum speeds up the hydrothermal alteration of olivine .
Abundance and diversity of aerobic anoxygenic phototrophic bacteria in saline lakes on the Tibetan plateau .
Phase relations in carbonate systems under lithospheric mantle conditions: review of experimental data .
Heat Capacities at Low Temperatures of the Metatitanates of Iron .
Temporal Geochemical Variations in Lavas from Kīlauea's Pu'u ‘Ō'ō Eruption (1983‐2010): Cyclic Variations from Melting of Source Heterogeneities .
Redox Heterogeneity in Mid-Ocean Ridge Basalts as a Function of Mantle Source .
APS: 2013-03-01 (CIW) .
Heat Capacities at Low Temperatures and Entropies at 298 .16° K . of Calcium and Magnesium Ferrites .
Constraints on the phase diagram of nonmolecular CO2 imposed by infrared spectroscopy .
State of fumaroles at Klyuchevskoy group and Shiveluch volcanoes from the period from August 1957 to October 1958 (Russia) .
Geochemically-driven microbial diversity in a subsurface serpentinite environment .
Thermodynamic data for Mg(OH)2 (Brucite) .
Geochemistry: Subsurface sustenance .
Solidus of alkaline carbonatite in the deep mantle .
Eastern Siberian Arctic Ocean Seafloor .
Massive and prolonged deep carbon emissions associated with continental rifting .
RL 2014-780 .
Iron reduction by the deep-sea bacterium Shewanella profunda LT13a under subsurface pressure and temperature conditions .
Silicon carbonate phase formed from carbon dioxide and silica under pressure .
Synthesis of hydrocarbons from minerals at pressures up to 5 GPa .
Investigation of extractable organic compounds in deep-sea hydrothermal vent fluids along the Mid-Atlantic Ridge .
Thermodynamic control on hydrogen concentrations in anoxic sediments .
Uptake of carbon and sulfur during seafloor serpentinization and the effects of subduction metamorphism in Ligurian peridotites .
Thermodynamic studies of zeolites: analcime and dehydrated analcime .
Factors governing the behaviour of aqueous methane in narrow pores .
Geochemistry of Geologic Carbon Sequestration: An Overview .
Comparative Study of Subseafloor Microbial Community Structures in Deeply Buried Coral Fossils and Sediment Matrices from the Challenger Mound in the Porcupine Seabight .
The contribution of the Precambrian continental lithosphere to global H2 production .
Long-Range Ordered Carbon Clusters: A Crystalline Material with Amorphous Building Blocks .
Toward Extreme Biophysics: Deciphering the Infrared Response of Biomolecular Solutions at High Pressures .
DECADE - Gas Composition of Oldoinyo Lengai .
DECADE - CO2 Gas Emissions from Merapi Volcano .
Thermodynamic Properties of Potassium Metasilicate and Disilicate .
Global Circulation of Deep Earth Carbon .
Radical Gas-Based DNA Decontamination for Ultra-Sensitive Molecular Experiments .
Abiotic methane flux from the Chimaera seep and Tekirova ophiolites (Turkey): Understanding gas exhalation from low temperature serpentinization and implications for Mars .
Low-temperature heat capacities of synthetic pyrope .
Carbon Footprint of Hawaiian Hotspot Volcanoes - Mauna Loa volcano .
Silicate diffusion in alkali-carbonatite and hydrous melts at 16 .5 and 24GPa: Implication for the melt transport by dissolution–precipitation in the transition zone and uppermost lower mantle .
Mantle samples included in volcanic rocks: Xenoliths and diamonds .
Formation and phase transitions of methane hydrates under dynamic loadings: Compression rate dependent kinetics .
Degassing of reduced carbon from planetary basalts .
The Chemical Thermodynamic Properties of Calcium Hydroxide .
DCO-EPC 2014 Workshop .
Low Temperature Heat Capacities and Entropies at 298 .15°K . of Some Crystalline Silicates Containing Calcium .
Carbon solution and partitioning between metallic and silicate melts in a shallow magma ocean: Implications for the origin and distribution of terrestrial carbon .
CO2 solubility and speciation in rhyolitic sediment partial melts at 1 .5–3 .0GPa – Implications for carbon flux in subduction zones .
Structural stability of methane and ethane at high pressures .
Tuning the Aromaticity of s -Triazine in the Crystal Phase by Pressure .
The pyroxenite-diamond connection .
Subduction zone metamorphic pathway for deep carbon cycling: I . Evidence from HP/UHP metasedimentary rocks .
Highly saline fluids from a subducting slab as the source for fluid-rich diamonds .
Amorphous silica-like carbon dioxide .
Tectonic control of the oil-rich large igneous-carbonate-salt province of the South Atlantic rift .
Diamond genesis .
High frequency of phylogenetically diverse reductive dehalogenase-homologous genes in deep subseafloor sedimentary metagenomes .
Experimental determination of porosity and permeability changes induced by injection of CO2 into carbonate rocks .
Periodic volcanic degassing behavior: The Mount Etna example .
Melting and subsolidus phase relations in the system Na2CO3-MgCO3 H2O at 6 GPa and the stability of Na2Mg(CO3)2 in the upper mantle .
Microbial activity in the marine deep biosphere: progress and prospects .
Ethane- and propane-producing potential and molecular characterization of an ethanogenic enrichment in an anoxic estuarine sediment .
Methane flux and origin in the Othrys ophiolite hyperalkaline springs .
Natural seepage of shale gas and the origin of “eternal flames” in the Northern Appalachian Basin .
Fluid Flow in the Deep Crust .
Santa Elena Ophiolite .
Insights into C and H storage in the altered oceanic crust: Results from ODP/IODP Hole 1256D .
DECADE - Estimating CO2 Emissions from Kilauea Volcano .
Gas geochemistry of natural analogues for the studies of geological CO2 sequestration .
DECADE - Degassing at Lascar and Lastarria Volcanoes .
Heterotrophic Communities Supplied by Ancient Organic Carbon Predominate in Deep Fennoscandian Bedrock Fluids .
The Syabru-Bensi hydrothermal system in central Nepal: 1 . Characterization of carbon dioxide and radon fluxes .
A new method for high-resolution bivalve growth rate studies in hydrothermal environments .
Volcanic fumarole gas anlayses from Klyuchevskoy .
Development of Advanced Synchrotron X-ray Spectrometer for Deep Carbon .
Biogeographical distribution and diversity of microbes in methane hydrate-bearing deep marine sediments .
Equation of State and Kinetic Properties of Natural Gas Hydrocarbons .
Links Between Hydrothermal Environments .
Subsurface Microbial CO2 Fixation .
The oxygen fugacity at which graphite or diamond forms from carbonate-bearing melts in eclogitic rocks .
Cold seeps .
Cancer as a consequence of the rising level of oxygen in the Late Precambrian .
Hot-Alkaline DNA Extraction Method for Deep-Subseafloor Archaeal Communities .
Terrestrial methane seeps and mud volcanoes: A global perspective of gas origin .
New experimental data on phase relations for the system Na2CO3-CaCO3 at 6 GPa and 900-1400  C .
Thermal expansion of iron carbides .
High-Temperature Heat Contents of the Metatitanates of Calcium .
Dziani Dzaha .
Recycling of Carbon During Subduction: Carbonate Eclogite Phase Relations from Upper Mantle to Transition Zone and Beyond .
Phase relationships in the system K2CO3-CaCO3 at 6 GPa and 900-1450  C .
Serpentinites act as sponges for fluid-mobile elements in abyssal and subduction zone environments .
Workshop: Carbon Cycling in Deep Ocean Crust Revealed Through Single-Cell Genomics .
Interfacial water on crystalline silica: a comparative molecular dynamics simulation study .
Laser Isotope ratio-meter for 12CO2/13CO2 analysis .
Laser Isotope Ratio Meter for Real-Time in situ Measurements of Volcanic 13C/12C .
Carbon solubility in olivine and the mode of carbon storage in the Earth's mantle .
Carbonatite metasomatism of peridotite lithospheric mantle: implications for diamond formation and carbonatite-kimberlite magmatism .
Global distribution of microbial abundance and biomass in subseafloor sediment .
Carbon and nitrogen assimilation in deep subseafloor microbial cells .
Isotopic constraints on the nature and circulation of deep mantle C–H–O–N fluids: Carbon and nitrogen systematics within ultra-deep diamonds from Kankan (Guinea) .
Gas seepage and seismogenic structures along the North Anatolian Fault in the eastern Sea of Marmara .
Tectonic Fluxes of Deep Carbon .
Key new pieces of the HIMU puzzle from olivines and diamond inclusions .
Environmental controls on intragroup diversity of the uncultured benthic archaea of the miscellaneous Crenarchaeotal group lineage naturally enriched in anoxic sediments of the White Oak River estuary (North Carolina .
Earth Observation &amp; Metrology .
Extreme Conditions Instrumentation for Deep Carbon Science and New Generation .
Activity and phylogenetic diversity of sulfate-reducing microorganisms in low-temperature subsurface fluids within the upper oceanic crust .
High-resolution infrared study of the translational lattice modes in alpha-N-2 single crystals .
DECADE - Mangaia .
HEAT CAPACITY FROM 11 TO 300 °K . .
Carbon isotope and abundance systematics of Icelandic geothermal gases .
A large volume particulate and water multi-sampler with in situ preservation for microbial and biogeochemical studies .
Reevaluating carbon fluxes in subduction zones .
Isolation and Characterization of Novel Piezophiles from Deep Subsurface Environments .
Thermal expansion of coronene C24H12 at 185–416 K .
Using Water Chemistry .
Heat Capacities at Low Temperatures and Entropies at 298 .16 °K . of Crystalline Calcium and Magnesium Aluminates .
Spatial distribution of microbial communities in the shallow submarine alkaline hydrothermal field of the Prony Bay .
α-Ferric Oxide: Low Temperature Heat Capacity and Thermodynamic Functions .
The Entropy of Water from the Third Law of Thermodynamics . The Dissociation Pressure and Calorimetric Heat of the Reaction Mg(OH)2 = MgO + H2O . The Heat Capacities of Mg(OH)2 and MgO from 20 to 300 °K .
The deleterious effect of secondary phases on olivine carbonation yield: Insight from time-resolved aqueous-fluid sampling and FIB-TEM characterization .
Genome-wide gene order distances support clustering the gram-positive bacteria .
High-Pressure Orthorhombic Ferromagnesite as a Potential Deep-Mantle Carbon Carrier .
Carbon Dioxide Carbonates in the Earth's Mantle: Implications to the Deep Carbon Cycle .
Quartz nanocrystals in the 2 .48 Ga Dales Gorge banded iron formation of Hamersley .
Next Generation Sensors For Monitoring Volcanic Carbon Flux .
Produced Water from Hydraulically Fractured Shale .
Genomic inference of the metabolism of cosmopolitan subsurface Archaea .
Tag 16S Sequencing of Deeply Buried Sediments Within the Baltic Sea .
Strontium and oxygen isotopic systems in waters of mud volcanoes of the Taman Peninsula .
The oxidation state of the mantle and the extraction of carbon from Earth’s interior .
A serpentinite-hosted ecosystem: The lost city hydrothermal field .
Stealth export of hydrogen and methane from a low temperature serpentinization system .
Volatile flux from subduction zone volcanoes: Insights from a detailed evaluation of the fluxes from volcanoes in Japan .
DECADE - Gas Composition at Cerro Negro Volcano .
DMGC - Diamond Oxygen Isotope Geochemistry .
Methanotrophic archaea possessing diverging methane-oxidizing and electron-transporting pathways .
Stability conditions of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons at high pressures and temperatures .
The influence of carbon source on abiotic organic synthesis and carbon isotope fractionation under hydrothermal conditions .
Deciphering the Prokaryotic Community and Metabolisms in South African Deep-Mine Biofilms through Antibody Microarrays and Graph Theory .
Equations of State and Kinetic Properties of Hydrocarbon Hydrates .
Sulfur isotopic evidence for sources of volatiles in Siberian Traps magmas .
Substrate-specific pressure-dependence of microbial sulfate reduction in deep-sea cold seep sediments of the Japan Trench .
Hydrocarbon .
Subsurface Microbial Communities in Volcanic Basement Along an Ancient Hotspot Seamount Trail .
Reduced Carbon Associated with Altered Oceanic Crust .
Formate .
The oxidation state of Fe in MORB glasses and the oxygen fugacity of the upper mantle .
DECADE - Tutuila .
Carbon Storage and Partitioning in Upper Mantle Silicate Minerals .
Volcanic Degassing: Process and Impact .
μXANES study of iron redox state in serpentine during oceanic serpentinization .
The Carbon Inventory of Oceanic Basalts and the Oceanic Upper Mantle .
F .
Thermodynamics of Organic Transformations in Hydrothermal Fluids .
Chemical and morphological changes during olivine carbonation for CO2 storage in the presence of NaCl and NaHCO3 .
Microbial metabolisms in a 2 .5-km-deep ecosystem created by hydraulic fracturing in shales .
Mount Etna: storyboard of an exceptional basaltic volcano .
Offshore and onshore seepage of thermogenic gas at Katakolo Bay (Western Greece) .
Raman spectroscopy in biogeology and astrobiology .
Heat Capacity and Thermodynamic Properties of α-Fe2O3 in the Region 300-1050 K . Antiferromagnetic Transition .
Ice nucleation at the nanoscale probes no man’s land of water .
Experimental High-P and T Bioreactors Sandpit Workshop .
The origin of NO3- and N-2 in deep subsurface fracture water of South Africa .
DECADE - Muli seamount .
New host for carbon in the deep Earth .
Development of Extreme Conditions Instrumentation for Deep Carbon Science and New Generation .
Metabolically active microbial communities in marine sediment under high-CO2 and low-pH extremes .
Anaerobic Conversion of Chlorobenzene and Benzene to CH 4 and CO 2 in Bioaugmented Microcosms .
Release of subducted sedimentary nitrogen throughout Earth’s mantle .
Formation temperatures of thermogenic and biogenic methane .
Tracing mantle sources and Samoan influence in the northwestern Lau back-arc basin .
Advanced Analytical Developments in Isotopologue Analysis .
Magma mixing and high fountaining during the 1959 Kīlauea Iki eruption .
Insights into magma and fluid transfer at Mount Etna by a multiparametric approach: A model of the events leading to the 2011 eruptive cycle .
Thermodynamic properties of sodium-aluminum and potassium-aluminumsilicates .
Origin and Evolution of Prebiotic Organic Matter As Inferred from the Tagish Lake Meteorite .
Deep-Life I: Microbial Carbon Transformation in Rock-Hosted Deep Subsurface Habitats .
New Insight into Microbial Iron Oxidation as Revealed by the Proteomic Profile of an Obligate Iron-Oxidizing Chemolithoautotroph .
Continuous gas monitoring at Galeras Volcano .
Helium isotopes in gases of Mineral Waters in the western Caucasus .
Multiple growth events .
Toward exploratory analysis of diversity unified across fields of study: an information visualization approach .
Important role for organic carbon in subduction-zone fluids in the deep carbon cycle .
Serpentinization .
Sorption Phase of Supercritical CO 2 in Silica Aerogel: Experiments and Mesoscale Computer Simulations .
The NanoSIMS as a tool to study donation around &amp; in melt inclusions .
Thiofractor thiocaminus gen . nov . .
Specific Anions Effects on the Pressure Dependence of the Protein-Protein Interaction Potential .
Raman spectra of methane hydrate up to 86 GPa .
Computer-controlled scanning electron microscopy: A fast and reliable tool for diamond prospecting .
Phase relations and melting of carbonated peridotite between 10 and 20 GPa: a proxy for alkali- and CO2-rich silicate melts in the deep mantle .
A modular method for the extraction of DNA and RNA .
Global rates of marine sulfate reduction and implications for sub-sea-floor metabolic activities .
Comparing eruptions of varying intensity at Kilauea via melt inclusion analysis .
Carbon dioxide released from subduction zones by fluid-mediated reactions .
Development of Dark Energy Biosphere Investigation Tool (DEBI-T) .
Temporal Changes in Microbial Ecology and Geochemistry in Produced Water from Hydraulically Fractured Marcellus Shale Gas Wells .
Modeling of Reactive Transport in Fluid-Magma-Solid Systems .
Experimental Calibration of Methane Clumped Isotopologue Systematics for Microbial Production and Consumption .
Trail by Fire Expedition .
Structure of methane and ethane at high pressure .
Deep Crustal Communities of the Juan de Fuca Ridge Are Governed by Mineralogy .
HEAT CAPACITY FROM 12 TO 305 °K . AND ENTROPY OF TALC AND TREMOLITE .
Thermodynamic Properties of Aegirine .
Metagenomic sequencing of sediments from the Tonga Trench: A Subsurface island? .
Unraveling the effect of primary versus secondary processes on the volatile content of MORB glasses: an example from the equatorial Mid-Atlantic Ridge .
Southwest Indian Ridge: E .
Insights into deep carbon derived from noble gases .
DECADE - Eruption Dynamics and Carbon Footprint of Hawaiian Hotspot Volcanoes .
Abiogenic hydrocarbons in commercial gases from the Songliao Basin .
Pre-eruptive vapour and its role in controlling eruption style and longevity at Soufriere Hills Volcano .
Understanding interfacial water and its role in practical applications using molecular simulations .
Revised values for the Gibbs free energy of formation of [AI(OH)^{-1}_{4 aq}] .
Heterotrophic Archaea dominate sedimentary subsurface ecosystems off Peru .
The Heat Capacities of Quartz .
Metagenomic analysis of a continental serpentinizing spring in the Philippines .
Geochemistry: A piece of the deep carbon puzzle .
Preferential Adsorption from Liquid Water–Ethanol Mixtures in Alumina Pores .
Micron-scale coupled carbon isotope and nitrogen abundance variations in diamonds: Evidence for episodic diamond formation beneath the Siberian Craton .
DECADE - Infrared Imaging of SO2 in Etna’s Plume .
On the Chemical Composition of Fumarole Gases from Mutnovsky Volcano (Russia) .
P–V–T equation of state of siderite to 33GPa and 1673K .
DMGC - DiamondDB: Community Data Infrastructure for Diamond Research within the Deep Carbon Observatory .
High-pressure behavior of CsC(8) graphite intercalation compound: Lattice structures and phase-transition mechanism .
Carbon emissions from subduction zone volcanism: sources .
Subduction zone metamorphic pathway for deep carbon cycling: II . Evidence from HP/UHP metabasaltic rocks and ophicarbonates .
Utica Shale Energy and Environment Laboratory .
Monitoring microbial redox transformations of metal and metalloid elements under high pressure using in situ X-ray absorption spectroscopy .
Juan de Fuca Ridge Flank Deep Biosphere .
Graphite in an Apollo 17 Impact Melt Breccia .
Transition from cage clathrate to filled ice: The structure of methane hydrate III .
Biology of a widespread uncultivated archaeon that contributes to carbon fixation in the subsurface .
Development of Panorama High-Resolution Mass Spectrometer .
Transformation and structure of silicatelike CO_{2}-V .
The Heat Capacities of Magnesium .
Steam and gas emission rate from La Soufriere volcano .
Benzene-derived carbon nanothreads .
Puzzling calcite-III dimorphism: crystallography .
APS: 2011-06-01 (OSU) .
Alkaline springs of the Voltri Massif .
Proposition for Sequencing of Amplicon Libraries from Fennoscandian Shield Groundwater .
Harder than diamond: dreams and reality .
Heat Capacity and Thermodynamic Properties of Synthetic Magnetite (Fe3O4) from 300 to 1050 K . Ferrimagnetic Transition and Zero-Point Entropy .
Tetrahedrally coordinated carbonates in Earth’s lower mantle .
Portable IR CO2 Analyser .
Presence of oxygen and aerobic communities from seafloor to basement in deep-sea sediment .
DECADE - Implementation of MultiGAS Instruments in the DECADE Project .
Ultrafast Laser Instrument for in situ Measurements of Thermodynamic Properties of Carbon-bearing Fluids and Crystalline Materials .
Deep Terrestrial Biosphere Observatory: Shield Brines .
Evolution of Fe redox state in serpentine during subduction .
Slab melting as a barrier to deep carbon subduction .
Unconventional Hydrocarbon Resources: Prospects and Problems .
Pore-Size-Dependent Calcium Carbonate Precipitation Controlled by Surface Chemistry .
Variations in Fe3 / Fe of Mariana Arc Basalts and Mantle Wedge fO2 .
Diamond formation due to a pH drop during fluid–rock interactions .
Detection of liquid H2O in vapor bubbles in reheated melt inclusions: Implications for magmatic fluid composition and volatile budgets of magmas? .
Reactive surface area as a function of pore connectivity .
Nitrogen sources and recycling at subduction zones: Insights from the Izu-Bonin-Mariana arc .
Biological CO2 conversion to acetate in subsurface coal-sand formation using a high-pressure reactor system .
Rapid Acquisition of Gigapascal-High-Pressure Resistance by Escherichia coli .
Confined Water Determines Transport Properties of Guest Molecules in Narrow Pores .
Melting of kimberlite of the Udachnaya-East pipe: Experimental study at 3–6 .5 GPa and 900–1500°C .
Melting and Phase Relations of Carbonated Eclogite at 9-21 GPa and the Petrogenesis of Alkali-Rich Melts in the Deep Mantle .
Application of 454 Tag Sequence Technology to Novel Terrestrial Deep Subsurface Habitats of the North American Basin and Range .
Intermolecular interactions in highly concentrated protein solutions upon compression and the role of the solvent .
The Chemical Composition of Subducting Sediments .
Phase relations in the carbon-saturated C–Mg–Fe–Si–O system and C and Si solubility in liquid Fe at high pressure and temperature: implications for planetary interiors .
Olivine with diamond-imposed morphology included in diamonds . Syngenesis or protogenesis? .
Low-temperature heat capacities and entropies at 298 .15⁰ K of somesodium- and calcium-aluminum silicates .
Molecular analysis of deep subsurface microbial communities in Nankai Trough sediments (ODP Leg 190 .
Data Science Infrastructure for EPC .
The influence of magmatic differentiation on the oxidation state of Fe in a basaltic arc magma .
Inside Earth Runs Hot and Cold .
Predominant archaea in marine sediments degrade detrital proteins .
An early geodynamo driven by exsolution of mantle components from Earth’s core .
DECADE - Deep Carbon Degassing from Two Active Volcanic Systems in Patagonia (Argentina): Copahue and Planchon-Peteroa .
Diversity of Methane-Cycling Archaea in Hydrothermal Sediment Investigated by General and Group-Specific PCR Primers .
Nonstoichiometry and growth of some Fe carbides .
Is the Genetic Landscape of the Deep Subsurface Biosphere Affected by Viruses? .
Biogeographic Comparison of Subsurface Microbial Habitats Associated with the Serpentinization of Uplifted Mantle Materials .
Rapid Reactivation of Deep Subsurface Microbes in the Presence of C-1 Compounds .
Biophysical couplings in South Australian shelf waters under conditions of summer upwelling and winter downwelling: results from the Southern Australia Integrated Marine Observing System (SAIMOS) .
Low-Temperature Heat Capacities and High-Temperature Heat Contents of Al 2 O 3 ·3H 2 O and Al 2 O 3 ·H 2 O 1 .
Carbon Inventory of Oceanic Basalts .
Earth's Mantle Melting in the Presence of C-O-H-Bearing Fluid .
Detection of volcanic CO2 in the August 2008 Kasatochi eruption plume by SCIAMACHY measurements .
Volcanic Deep Earth Carbon Degassing (DECADE Organization) .
Mid-Cayman Rise .
IODP Leg 347: Baltic Sea Paleoenvironment .
STRESS-RESPONSE OF ESCHERICHIA-COLI TO ELEVATED HYDROSTATIC-PRESSURE .
Electronic Properties and Metrology Applications of the Diamond NV− Center under Pressure .
Climate science: Methane uncovered .
Nematoda from the terrestrial deep subsurface of South Africa .
APS: B2012-46 (UCL) .
Heat Capacity and Thermodynamic Properties of α-Fe2O3 in the Region 300-1050 K . Antiferromagnetic Transition .
Carbon under extreme conditions: Phase boundaries and electronic properties from first-principles theory .
First satellite detection of volcanic CO2 in an explosive plume and possible implications for the geological carbon cycle .
Vapor Acids Lab- Bezymianny Volcano (Kamchatka) .
Why Deep Carbon? .
First airborne samples of a volcanic plume for δ 13 C of CO 2 determinations .
Abiogenic Deep Origin of Hydrocarbons and Oil and Gas Deposits Formation .
Coesite-like CO2: An analog to SiO2 .
Geochemical evidence for active tropical serpentinization in the Santa Elena Ophiolite .
Single cell genomics: an individual look at microbes .
A Reduced Organic Carbon Component in Martian Basalts .
Hydrogen generation from low-temperature water-rock reactions .
The bright side of microbial dark matter: lessons learned from the uncultivated majority .
High-energy-density extended CO solid .
Comparisons of the composition and biogeographic distribution of the bacterial communities occupying South African thermal springs with those inhabiting deep subsurface fracture water .
Deep water gives up another secret .
Pressure and Temperature Effects on the Activity and Structure of the Catalytic Domain of Human MT1-MMP .
Heat Capacity and Thermodynamic Properties of Synthetic Magnetite (Fe3O4) from 300 to 1050 K . Ferrimagnetic Transition and Zero-Point Entropy .
Variability of subseafloor viral abundance at the geographically and geologically distinct continental margins .
Fe3  distribution between garnet and pyroxenes in mantle wedge carbonate-bearing garnet peridotites (Sulu .
Bonding and electronic changes in rhodochrosite at high pressure .
Rates of carbon dioxide plume degassing from Mount Etna volcano .
Stability and equation of state of Fe3C to 73 GPa: Implications for carbon in the Earth's core .
Pressure Modulation of the Enzymatic Activity of Phospholipase A2 .
Characterization of a Novel .
Residence sites and origin of noble gases in minerals as exemplified by ilmenite from the alkaline granites of the Kola Peninsula .
Problems related to crystallogenesis and deep carbon cycle .
Low-Temperature Heat Capacities and Entropies at 298 .16 °K . of Some Titanates of Aluminum .
Linear carbon dioxide in the high-pressure high-temperature crystalline phase IV .
Melting and subsolidus phase relations in peridotite and eclogite systems with reduced COH fluid at 3–16 GPa .
DCO Summer School 2014 .
2015 Deep Energy proposal .
Microbial Genomic Reconstructions from Hydraulically Fractured Shale Fluids Reveal Community-wide Biogeochemical Cycling and Phage Signatures .
DECADE- Tahiti .
Methylothermus subterraneus sp . nov . .
The Deep Viriosphere: Assessing the Viral Impact on Microbial Community Dynamics in the Deep Subsurface .
Late-stage volatile saturation as a potential trigger for explosive volcanic eruptions .
Dolomite III: A new candidate lower mantle carbonate .
Heat Capacities at Low Temperatures and Entropies at 298 .16 °K . of Calcium and Magnesium Ferrites .
Growth conditions of mixed-habit diamonds from Marange .
Geochemical constraints on mantle sources and melting conditions in Pacific back-arc basins .
Isotopic (d13C .
Carbon-Bearing Fluids at Nanoscale Interfaces .
DECADE - CO2 Gas Emissions from Turrialba Volcano .
Investigations of potential microbial methanogenic and carbon monoxide utilization pathways in ultra-basic reducing springs associated with present-day continental serpentinization: the Tablelands .
Measurement of the 13 C/ 12 C of Atmospheric CH 4 Using Near-Infrared (NIR) Cavity Ring-Down Spectroscopy .
Panorama High-Resolution Mass Spectrometer .
Tracing Conversion of Specific Carbon Compounds using Stable Isotopes .
C-Fe-Mn Interactions Within Suspended Particulates in North Pond Basement Fluids .
High-temperature Heat Contents of Sodium Metasilicate and Sodium Disilicate .
Porosity and surface area evolution during weathering of two igneous rocks .
DCO Modeling and Visualization Workshop .
Summary of fumarole gas analyses from Biloikai crater (Klyuchevskoy volcano .
The Role of Volatiles in Reactive Melt Transport in the Asthenosphere .
Louisville Seamounts Subsurface Microbiology .
Identifying and quantifying natural CO2 sequestration processes over geological timescales: The Jackson Dome CO2 Deposit .
The Isotopic Anatomies of Molecules and Minerals .
Revealing the unexplored fungal communities in deep groundwater of crystalline bedrock fracture zones in Olkiluoto .
The refractive index and electronic gap of water and ice increase with increasing pressure .
Carbon degassing from the lithosphere .
Condensation Agents Determine the Temperature-Pressure Stability of F-Actin Bundles .
Retention of filled ice structure of methane hydrate up to 42 GPa .
Proteome Profiling to Delineate Subsurface Microbial CH4-Cycling Pathways .
Inverted High-Temperature Quartz .
Assessing uncertainty in geochemical models for core formation in Earth .
Fluid flow in subduction zones: The role of solid rheology and compaction pressure .
Influence of Pressure and Crowding on the Sub-Nanosecond Dynamics of Globular Proteins .
Low Temperature Heat Capacities and Entropies at 298 .16 °K . of Magnesium Orthotitanate and Magnesium Dititanate .
Heat Capacities at Low Temperatures of Titanium Dioxide (Rutile and Anatase) 1 .
Increase in acetate concentrations during sediment sample onboard storage: a caution for pore-water geochemical analyses .
High-Temperature Heat Contents of Na 2 TiO 3  .
Elastic and inelastic behavior of graphitic C3N4 under high pressure .
Integrated Metagenomic and Metatranscriptomic Analyses of Active Microbial Communities Involved in Carbon Metabolism at a Tropical Serpentinizing Environment (Santa Elena Ophiolite .
High-temperature Heat Contents of Ferrous Oxide .
DECADE - Gas Chemistry at Poas Volcano .
On the Heat Capacity of Crystalline Magnesium Oxide .
South African Terrestrial Deep Subsurface .
Sources and cycling of carbon in continental .
High-temperature Heat Contents of Ferrous Oxide .
DCO Computer Cluster Initiative .
Microbiology Diversity in Groundwater and Biofilms .
Phylogeny and phylogeography of functional genes shared among seven terrestrial subsurface metagenomes reveal N-cycling and microbial evolutionary relationships .
Microbial co-occurrence patterns in deep Precambrian bedrock fracture fluids .
Specific Heats at Low Temperatures of Magnesium Orthosilicate and Magnesium Metasilicate .
An Experimental Study of Carbonated Eclogite at 3 .5-5 .5 GPa-Implications for Silicate and Carbonate Metasomatism in the Cratonic Mantle .
Abiotic Gas: Atypical .
Mantle and crustal processes in the Hadean and Archean: Evidence for the onset of subduction at 3 .8 Ga .
Carbon in the Core: Its Influence on the Properties of Core and Mantle .
Adaptive laboratory evolution of Escherichia coli K-12 MG1655 for growth at high hydrostatic pressure .
Phase relations of carbonate eclogite during subduction and the effect of redox conditions on diamond –carbonate reactions .
On the Heat Capacity of Crystalline Magnesium Oxide .
Novel microbial assemblages inhabiting crustal fluids within mid-ocean ridge flank subsurface basalt .
Evolution of volatile species in the earth’s mantle: A view from xenology .
Aqueous Methane in Slit-Shaped Silica Nanopores: High Solubility and Traces of Hydrates .
Carbon Nanophases and Novel Forms of Carbon .
Crossover from melting to dissociation of CO2 under pressure: Implications for the lower mantle .
Biological energy requirements as quantitative boundary conditions for life in the subsurface .
Unique Diamonds in Almahatta Sitta Ureilite .
Carbon Dioxide Sequestration: A Solution to a Global Problem .
Sulphate-controlled Diversity of Subterranean Microbial Communities over Depth in Deep Groundwater with Opposing Gradients of Sulphate and Methane .
Thermodynamic studies of zeolites: natrolite .
DECADE - Evaluation of Extant and Emerging Satellite-Based Remote Sensing Technology for Quantifying Volcanic CO2 Emissions .
Oxygen diffusion and exchange in dolomite rock at 700 °C .
Spatio-temporal Modelling of Deep-time Atmospheric Carbon Flux from Subduction Zone Interactions with Carbonate Platforms .
Diagenetic Fe-carbonates in Paleoarchean felsic sedimentary rocks (Hooggenoeg Formation .
Possible roles of uncultured archaea in carbon cycling in methane-seep sediments .
The sources and time-integrated evolution of diamond-forming fluids – Trace elements and isotopic evidence .
Low-temperature heat capacities of CaAl2SiO6 glass and pyroxene and thermal expansion of CaAl2SiO6 pyroxene .
Microbial Communities in Finnish Deep Groundwater .
An H2O–CO2 mixed fluid saturation model compatible with rhyolite-MELTS .
Synthesis and crystal structure of new carbonate Ca3Na2(CO3)4 homeotypic with orthoborates M3Ln2(BO3)4 (M=Ca .
Low-temperature heat capacities and entropies at 298 .15°K . of diaspore .
The influence of high hydrostatic pressure on bacterial dissimilatory iron reduction .
Thermodynamic Data on the Amphibole Asbestos Minerals Amosite and Crocidolite .
Census of Microbial Diversity in Ultra-deep .
Direct measurements of methane emissions from abandoned oil and gas wells in Pennsylvania .
Bonding and structural changes in siderite at high pressure .
Non-equilibrium fractionation of stable carbon isotopes in chemosynthetic mussels .
Experimental determination of C .
Microbial communities in the subglacial waters of the Vatnajökull ice cap .
DECADE - Degassing at Villarrica and Llaima Volcanoes .
CO2 percolation experiment through chlorite/zeolite-rich sandstone (Pretty Hill Formation – Otway Basin–Australia) .
Extending the known range of glycerol ether lipids in the environment: structural assignments based on tandem mass spectral fragmentation patterns .
NanoSIMS results from olivine-hosted melt embayments: Magma ascent rate during explosive basaltic eruptions .
High-temperature Heat Contents of Sodium Metasilicate and Sodium Disilicate 1 .
High-Pressure Photoinduced Synthesis of Polynitrogen in δ and ϵ Nitrogen Crystals Substitutionally Doped with CO .
Neon identifies two billion year old fluid component in Kaapvaal Craton .
Furnas Volcano ECS Multidisciplinary Site .
The system Na2CO3-FeCO3 at 6 GPa and its relation to the system Na2CO3-FeCO3-MgCO3 .
Insulator-metal transition of highly compressed carbon disulfide .
Equations of State and Kinetic Properties of Methane .
Environmental Genomics Reveals a Single-Species Ecosystem Deep Within Earth .
Hydrogeology .
Nanometer to centimeter scale analysis and modeling of pore stuctures .
Thermodynamic Properties of Aegirine .
The fumaroles of Shiveluch Volcano in September and December 1953 .
The origin .
Experimental Heat Contents of SrO .
MaGa Database .
A thermogenic hydrocarbon seep in shallow Adriatic Sea (Italy): Gas origin .
Microbes deep inside the earth .
Life in the hydrated suboceanic mantle .
Global Distribution of Abiotic Carbon Compounds .
Effect of temperature and pressure on the dynamics of nanoconfined propane .
Characterization of Metabolically Active Bacterial Populations in Subseafloor Nankai Trough Sediments above .
Archaeal Diversity and Distribution along Thermal and Geochemical Gradients in Hydrothermal Sediments at the Yonaguni Knoll IV Hydrothermal Field in the Southern Okinawa Trough .
Gas chromatographic analysis of methanol and ethanol in marine sediment pore waters: Validation and implementation of three pretreatment techniques .
Life at depth: Photobacterium profundum genome sequence and expression analysis .
Novel Large-Volume Diamond Anvil Cell (LV-DAC) .
Carbon in Solids .
Dark energy in the deep .
Measurement of a Doubly Substituted Methane Isotopologue .
Quantifying carbon dioxide flux from dormant volcanoes with low-temperature fumarolic activity: demonstration from measurements at la soufriere .
Volcanic Carbon Atmospheric Flux Experiment (V-CAFÉ) .
Volcanic plume characteristics determined using an infrared imaging camera .
Quantum Cascade Laser-Infrared Absorption Spectrometer for Clumped Methane Isotope Thermometry .
IODP 337 - Deep Microbial Life in Coal-Bearing Sediment .
The first microbiological contamination assessment by deep-sea drilling and coring by the D/V Chikyu at the Iheya North hydrothermal field in the Mid-Okinawa Trough (IODP Expedition 331) .
Carbon in Magmas .
Discerning primary and secondary processes in the volatile geochemistry of submarine basalts .
High P-T Device for Experimental Studies on Hydrocarbons .
Repulsive Nature for Hydrogen Incorporation to Fe3C up to 14 GPa .
Carbon isotope equilibration during sulphate-limited anaerobic oxidation of methane .
Frontiers of stable isotope geoscience .
High Pressure Polymerization in a Confined Space: Conjugated Chain/Zeolite Nanocomposites .
Deepsea Challenge Expedition .
Diamonds and the Geology of Mantle Carbon .
DECADE - White Island .
Tectonic Fluxes of Carbon on Corsica .
Isotopic signatures of CH4 and higher hydrocarbon gases from Precambrian Shield sites: A model for abiogenic polymerization of hydrocarbons .
The origin of chemical heterogeneity in the Hawaiian mantle plume .
DECADE - Implementation of NOVAC Instruments in the DECADE Project .
An overview of the volatile systematics of the Lau Basin – Resolving the effects of source variation .
Census of Deep Life Phase II-III .
Redox Processes and Generation of Abiogenic Hydrocarbon .
Generation and Flux of Hydrocarbons from Continental Cratons .
Uncultured D esulfobacteraceae and Crenarchaeotal group C3 incorporate 13 C-acetate in coastal marine sediment .
A new estimate of global methane flux from onshore and shallow submarine mud volcanoes to the atmosphere .
Quantum Cascade Laser-Infrared Absorption Spectrometer for Clumped Methane Isotope Thermometry .
From the Cover: Global distribution of microbial abundance and biomass in subseafloor sediment .
Cross-Species .
Sources of organic carbon for Rimicaris hybisae: Tracing individual fatty acids at two hydrothermal vent fields in the Mid-Cayman rise .
Establishing a Platform to Assess Bacterial Endospore Abundance in the Deep Biosphere by Quantification of the Sporulation-Related Molecule Dipicolinic Acid .
Picosecond optical parametric generator and amplifier for large temperature-jump .
Reconstructing the deep CO2 degassing behaviour of large basaltic fissure eruptions .
The Entropy of Water from the Third Law of Thermodynamics . The Dissociation Pressure and Calorimetric Heat of the Reaction Mg(OH) 2 = MgO   H 2 O . . The Heat Capacities of Mg(OH) 2 and MgO from 20 to 300°K . .
Dominance of putative marine benthic Archaea in Qinghai Lake .
Coast Range Ophiolite Microbial Observatory (CROMO) .
Fluid origin .
An investigation of the gaseous products of the satellite volcanoes of the Klyuchevskoy Volcano .
P-V-T equations of state for iron carbides Fe3C and Fe7C3 and their relationships under the conditions of the Earth’s mantle and core .
Studying the biotic fringe in the Nankai Trough (T-Limit) .
Abiotic methane in serpentinites sampled in Italy .
APS: 2010-10-02 (OSU) .
Hydrous mantle transition zone indicated by ringwoodite included within diamond .
Recent advances in understanding the geology of diamonds .
Low temperature hydrothermal oil and associated biological precursors in serpentinites from Mid-Ocean Ridge .
Prodigious emission rates and magma degassing budget of major .
Oman Drilling Project .
CO2 release of the Kasatochi eruption in August 2008 as detected from space .
High Pressure Biological Sample Transporter .
Proposal to Sequence Genomes of Uncultivated Microorganisms from 30 m and 80 m Deep in Baltic Sea Sediments Using Single-Cell Genomics .
An Experimental Study on COH-bearing Peridotite up to 3 .2 GPa and Implications for Crust-Mantle Recycling .
α-Ferric Oxide: Low Temperature Heat Capacity and Thermodynamic Functions .
DECADE - CO2 Gas Emissions from Galeras Volcano .
Low-temperature Heat Capacities and Entropies at 298 .16°K . of Crystalline Calcium Orthosilicate .
Deep Life Investigations That Support the ICDP Collisional Orogeny in the  Scandinavian Caledonides (COSC) Drilling Project .
Apparent minimum free energy requirements for methanogenic Archaea and sulfate-reducing bacteria in an anoxic marine sediment .
Tracing the origins of back-arc basin slab-derived fluids .
Andaman Sea Deep Marine Sediment .
Low Temperature Heat Capacities and Entropies at 298 .16°K . of Ferrous Oxide .
Aqueous CO 2 Solutions at Silica Surfaces and within Nanopore Environments . Insights from Isobaric–Isothermal Molecular Dynamics .
Global Ocean Floor Carbon Contents in 4D from Data .
Distinct Carbon Isotope Fractionation during Anaerobic Degradation of Dichlorobenzene Isomers .
APS: 2011-12-01 (ECU) .
Gas Instrumentation Sandpit Workshop: Developing The Next Generation Sensors For Monitoring Volcanic Carbon Flux .
Exploring the Free Energy and Conformational Landscape of tRNA at High Temperature and Pressure .
Adsorption of nucleotides onto Fe–Mg–Al rich swelling clays .
Understanding the Lost City Hydrothermal System .
Diversity of Microbes on Igneous Minerals Incubated for Four Years in the Ocean Crust .
Nitrogen isotopic fractionation during abiotic synthesis of organic solid particles .
Low-Temperature Heat Capacities and Entropies at 298 .16°K . of Some Titanates of Aluminum .
Saturated CO&lt;sub&gt;2&lt;/sub&gt; inhibits microbial processes in CO&lt;sub&gt;2&lt;/sub&gt;-vented deep-sea sediments .
Density of Fe-3 .5wt% C liquid at high pressure and temperature and the effect of carbon on the density of the molten iron .
Partitioning of carbon between Fe-rich alloy melt and silicate melt in a magma ocean – Implications for the abundance and origin of volatiles in Earth .
Low-temperature heat capacities of synthetic pyrope .
Atlantis Massif Serpentinization and Life Expedition .
High Temperature Heat Contents of Magnesium Orthosilicate and Ferrous Orthosilicate .
Chemical and Isotopic Cycling in Subduction Zones .
Development of Laser Isotope Ratio-meter (LIR) for Volcanic Field Deployment .
Sulfidic Deep Terrestrial Subsurface .
Bacterial Communities Associated with Subsurface Geochemical Processes in Continental Serpentinite Springs .
Methane-derived hydrocarbons produced under upper-mantle conditions .
DECADE - Volcanic CO2 Emissions from the Vanuatu Arc .
Relationship of bacterial richness to organic degradation rate and sediment age in subseafloor sediment .
Cultivation of methanogenic community from subseafloor sediments using a continuous-flow bioreactor .
